Reposts, bugfixes and other features (#245)
TaggrNetwork/taggr: docs/WHITEPAPER.md

1. Each response to a post increases the author's rewards by `$response_reward`.
2. Inactive users' credits decrease by `$inactivity_penalty` per week after `$inactivity_duration_weeks` weeks of inactivity.
3. Users with negative rewards balance don't participate in reward distributions or minting.

> 4. To curb inorganic usage, $name automatically charges excess fees for all posts above `$max_posts_per_day`  per rolling 24h interval and for all comments above  `$max_comments_per_hour` per hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To curb the inorganic behaviour, $name automatically charges excess fees for all posts above `$max_posts_per_day`  per rolling 24h interval and for all comments above  `$max_comments_per_hour` per hour.
```

Author: Thanks, Christian!
